# Random Singleness 

## Purpose 
The purpose of this assignment is to use the Singleton design pattern, and to have you develop a framework in which one can test methods that use randomness as part of their computations. 

## Instructions 
**Code**
1. Build a First Singleton. Some part of your program contains a "referee". The Referee is that portion of the program that is responsible for the logic that runs a game of Bulldog. One can easily imagine that some part of the program contains a method called "playGame" that takes a list of Players and has them play a game of Bulldog.  
Begin by moving such a method into its own class called Referee. (Note: some of you may already have this in its own class. If so, you have alreaady completed this step.)  
Now have your AI tool rewrite that class as a Singleton. (DO ACCOMPLISH THIS via an AI tool.) THEN compare the code generated by that tool to the style of Singleton shown in lecture. Comment on how well the tool did (and how hard it was to get it to accomplish the task - assuming that it did so.)
2. Change your Dice class. This will only apply to some of you. IF your Dice class is using Math.random(), change it to use an object of the Random class.  
Once this is done, change things so that the object of the Random class in your Dice class is a Singleton. Note that this is a bit different than making a class a Singleton, since you are only working with one attribute, but you should be able to figure out how to do it. When you are done, you will be able to have Dice of different sizes (6 and 2 would be the ones you would use - the former in all cases, and the latter for RandomPlayer) but all of those would share a Singleton Random object.  
Use ad hoc testing to convince yourself that this works.
3. Create an abstract RandomDice superclass. If your IDE allows you to extract a superclass from a class (as Eclipse does via its Refactor menu) then do so. Your superclass should keep track of the number of sides of the Dice and have an abstract roll() method. The Random object should stay with the Dice class.  
  
Note: From here down, you will work outside the Bulldog program, primarily with JUnit  
  
4. Create a FakeRandom subclass of RandomDice. FakeRandom should implement the roll method as described in lecture.
5. Create a SevenPlayer class. SevenPlayer is just like FifteenPlayer, but stops at 7 rather than 15. This is probably most easily done, by copying the FifteenPlayer, renaming it SevenPlayer and changing "15" to "7". Don't get too fancy here (but do update the comments.)
6. Create a FakeRandom test class. Keeping in mind the group exercise from class, create a JUnit test case with sufficient tests to verify that your SevenPlayer class works properly. Look at the panel with the green bar and ensure that all of the names of your tests are showing. (If they aren't "open" the heading up by clicking on the ">".) Include a snipshot of that panel that shows the green bar and all of your test names with your lab report.
7. Javadoc. Ensure that all of your code should be documented in Javadoc style. [This isn't really a separate step because you were doing this all along, right?] For authorship credit, include something like, "Written by David Levine, with the assistance of Robby the Robot." Yes, it's probably easier to add that line by hand than to prompt for it - especially if you do so at the end of the assignment.  
  
**Documentation**  
Your "lab book" should include the discussion from Step 1, the snipshot from Step 6, and a reflection about how well AI performed on these tasks. Such reflection should consider performance in each domain (two different creations of a Singleton, as well as anywhere else you used it) as well as whether or not your prompting strategies helped (or hindered?) with the performance.


## Result
**Code Results**  
Run: Code -> GameGUI.java  
Run tests: Code -> FakeRandomTest.java  
Getting tests to work:  
-If the main branch was followed the the "Testing" feature on the left hand side of VS code should appear  
-If not "Setup JUnit for VS Code" video hopfully helps: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=936wHLIR4UY  
   
**Written Results**  
Documentation -> Documentation7.txt 
